# V1LogMetadata

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | Unique identifier of a log generated by a LogProducer. | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | Name of the log, generated by Dataset Service. | [optional] 
**Type** | Pointer to [**V1LogType**](V1LogType.md) |  | [optional] [default to V1LOGTYPE_UNSPECIFIED]
**TargetNames** | Pointer to **[]string** | List of target names associated with a log. | [optional] 
**BqTable** | Pointer to **string** | BQ table ID where the data is stored. | [optional] 
**LogProducer** | Pointer to [**V1LogProducer**](V1LogProducer.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewV1LogMetadata

`func NewV1LogMetadata() *V1LogMetadata`

NewV1LogMetadata instantiates a new V1LogMetadata object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewV1LogMetadataWithDefaults

`func NewV1LogMetadataWithDefaults() *V1LogMetadata`

NewV1LogMetadataWithDefaults instantiates a new V1LogMetadata object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetType

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) GetType() V1LogType`

GetType returns the Type field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTypeOk

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) GetTypeOk() (*V1LogType, bool)`

GetTypeOk returns a tuple with the Type field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetType

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) SetType(v V1LogType)`

SetType sets Type field to given value.

### HasType

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) HasType() bool`

HasType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTargetNames

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) GetTargetNames() []string`

GetTargetNames returns the TargetNames field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTargetNamesOk

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) GetTargetNamesOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetTargetNamesOk returns a tuple with the TargetNames field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTargetNames

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) SetTargetNames(v []string)`

SetTargetNames sets TargetNames field to given value.

### HasTargetNames

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) HasTargetNames() bool`

HasTargetNames returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBqTable

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) GetBqTable() string`

GetBqTable returns the BqTable field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBqTableOk

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) GetBqTableOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBqTableOk returns a tuple with the BqTable field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBqTable

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) SetBqTable(v string)`

SetBqTable sets BqTable field to given value.

### HasBqTable

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) HasBqTable() bool`

HasBqTable returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogProducer

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) GetLogProducer() V1LogProducer`

GetLogProducer returns the LogProducer field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogProducerOk

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) GetLogProducerOk() (*V1LogProducer, bool)`

GetLogProducerOk returns a tuple with the LogProducer field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogProducer

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) SetLogProducer(v V1LogProducer)`

SetLogProducer sets LogProducer field to given value.

### HasLogProducer

`func (o *V1LogMetadata) HasLogProducer() bool`

HasLogProducer returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


